## 练习

### 练习一
1. I like my parent. ✔︎
2. He loves his teacher. ✔︎
3. He keeps swimming every day. ✔︎
4. He wants to drink a glass of water. ✔︎
5. He likes to play violin. ✘ He likes playing the violin.
6. Jack doesn't love mathematics. ✘ Jack does not like mathematics.
7. Mary hates singing.  ✔︎
8. My mother cooks very good food. ✔︎
9. He wants me to see him tomorrow. ✔︎
10. He doesn't know my name. ✔︎
11. I don't like you. ✔︎
12. He doesn't like swimming. ✔︎
13. You didn't go home. ✔︎
14. I don't like swimming. ✔︎
15. I wanted to go to my mother's home. ✔︎
16. I don't like to swim. ✘ I do not like swimming.
17. I didn't eat dinner. ✔︎
18. I will not go home. ✔︎
19. He did not go home. ✔︎
20. You may leave now. ✔︎
21. He can swim. ✔︎
22. he does not go to work. ✔︎

### 练习二
1. He is a good student. ✔︎
2. My brother is 17. ✘ My elder brother is seventeen years old.
3. My brother swims every day. ✘ My younger brother swims every day.
4. They like music. ✘ All of them like music.
5. They are in Japan. ✘ They are in Japan now.
6. Yu Mountain is a high mountain. ✘ Jade Mountain is a very high mountain.
7. Amazon reiver is a long river. ✘ The Amazon River is a long river.
8. His dad is a teacher. ✔︎
9. We like chinese food. ✘ All of us like Chinese good.
10. He doesn't like ice cream. ✔︎ 
11. I love you. ✔︎
12. Everyone afraids of snake. ✘ Everyone is afraid of snakes.
13. Everyone loves dog. ✘ Everyone likes dog.
14. Today is cold. ✘ It is very cold today.

### 练习三
1. He is watching TV. ✘ He is watching a movie.
2. I am swiming. ✔︎
3. She is calling her mom. ✘ She is making a phone call to her mother.
4. His brother is walking. ✘ His brother is taking a walk.
5. I am eating food. ✘ I am eating now.
6. We are singing. ✔︎
7. He is playing piano. ✘ He is playing the piano.
8. He is reading a book. ✘ He is reading a novel.
9. I am writing a letter. ✔︎
10. He is running. ✔︎

### 练习四
1. I love you. ✔︎
2. I am eating. ✘ I am eating now.
3. He is not a student. ✔︎
4. I am a teacher. ✔︎
5. I am singing. ✔︎
6. He is swiming. ✘ He is swimming now.
7. He loves swim. ✘ He likes swimming.
8. He can sing. ✔︎
9. He is singing. ✘ He is singing now.
10. His dad is a doctor. ✘ His father is a doctor.
11. His dad is in American. ✘ His father is in the U.S.A.
12. I am taking a shower. ✘ I an taking a bath.
13. He is sleeping. ✘ He is sleeping now.
14. Your sister is riding a bike. ✘ Your sister is riding her bicycle now.
15. Your sister rides to school. ✘ Your sister goes to school by bicycle.

### 练习五
1. I attended a party yesterday. ✔︎
2. His elder brother called me yesterday. ✔︎
3. I went to American last year. ✔︎
4. I meet your sister last night. ✔︎
5. I wrote a letter to you. ✔︎
6. I ate a egg this morning. ✔︎
7. He was dancing the whole night last night. ✘ He danced all night last night.
8. We ran 5000 meters yesterday. ✔︎
9. He was very tired last night. ✔︎
10. He went to see his father in TaiBei last night. ✘ He visited his father in tTaipei last night.

### 练习六
1. He is a strong boy. ✔︎
2. He was sick yesterday. ✔︎
3. He eats an apple everyday. ✔︎ He eats an apple every day
4. He ate 3 apples yesterday. ✔︎
5. I like watching movies. ✘ I like to watch movies.
6. I am a happy person. ✔︎
7. I watched two movies yesterday. ✔︎
8. He sent you a letter yesterday. ✘ He sent a letter to you yesterday.
9. He is always smoking. ✘ He smokes very often.
10. I read the Bible everyday. ✘ I read the Bible every day.
11. He did not read the Bible yesterday. ✔︎
12. He did not swim yesterday. ✔︎

### 练习七
1. He is playing basketball. ✔︎
2. He likes to play basketball. ✘ He likes playing basketball.
3. He played basketball yesterday. ✔︎
4. He rides to school by biycle every day. ✘ He goes to school by bicycle every day.
5. He ride to contryside yesterday. ✘ He went to country by bicycle yesterday.
6. I love singing. ✘ I like singing.
7. He is singing now. ✔︎
8. Your father came to see me yesterday. ✔︎
9. His elder brother walks two kilometers every day. ✔︎
10. His younger brother is a good kid. ✘ a good boy.
11. He was very weak last year. ✔︎
12. He is making a phone call now. ✔︎
13. He works hard every day. ✔︎
14. Your yonger brother likes swimming. ✔︎
15. He was a good student. ✘ He was a good student before.

### 练习八
1. It was raining when he came to school yesterday. ✘ when he went to school yesterday. 
2. He was reading newspapers when the train stopped. ✔︎
3. They were singing When the train arrived in the station. ✔︎
4. He was calling his father when I went to his home yesterday. ✘ to his house.
5. I was watching TV when it is 8 pm last night. ✘ when the clock struck eight last night.
6. I was brushing my teeth when my father called me. ✔︎
7. He was swimming when I called him last night. ✔︎
8. That dog was sleeping when the cat came in. ✔︎
9. He was playing violin when his brother came home. ✘ playing the violin
10. My mother was cooking when my dad came home. ✔︎

### 练习九
1. am ✔︎
2. was ✔︎
3. went ✔︎
4. like ✔︎
5. is eating ✔︎
6. is raining ✘ likes
7. walks ✔︎
8. is walking ✔︎
9. is ✔︎
10. was swimming ✔︎
11. went ✔︎
12. was taking ✔︎
13. like ✔︎
14. like ✘ liked
15. is raining ✔︎
16. was raining ✔︎
17. rained ✔︎
18. rains ✔︎
19. was reading ✔︎
20. was ✔︎

### 练习十
1. They were driving when I went to see them yesterday. ✔︎
2. It rains very oftern in Taipei. ✔︎
3. He gave his book to his brother last month. ✔︎
4. He goes to work every morning. ✔︎
5. He likes to tell stories. ✔︎
6. I like to go to church. ✔︎
7. The sun is setting now. ✔︎
8. They are playing the piano now. ✔︎
9. I love you. ✔︎
10. He was a good student before. ✔︎
11. He went to church last Sunday. ✔︎
12. It rained last night. ✔︎
13. I was playing when you called. ✔︎
14. It was raining when I drove to work last night. ✔︎
15. He doesn't know me. ✔︎ does not
16. I was swimming when my mother came. ✔︎
17. They are singing now. ✔︎
18. He does not like to swim. ✔︎
19. He always wears a black coat. ✔︎
20. He is watching TV now. ✔︎

### 练习十一
1. Since 1980, I have been swimming in the morning everyday. ✘ I have swum every morning since 1980.
2. I have already received your letter. ✔︎
3. I have never been to America. ✔︎
4. He has been a Christian since he was a kid. ✔︎
5. I have seen your father. ✘ grandfather
6. Your brother has been living here. ✘ has always lived here
7. He has been learning piano for a long time. ✘ learning to play the piano
8. I have already written three letters to him, he didn't reply. ✔︎
9. I have been using this car in past three years. ✘
10. He have been a teacher since 1975. ✔︎
11. He have taught English for a long time. ✔︎
12. I have seen Gone with the Wind. ✔︎
13. I have already eaten dinner. ✘ I have eaten.
14. I have been to the beach three times this year. ✔︎
15. I have been loving you my whole life. ✘ I have loved you all my life.

### 练习十二
1. I went to see Gone with the Wind yesterday. ✔︎
2. I have never seen Gone with the Wind. ✔︎
3. Last year, I was living in the U.S. ✘ I lived in America last year.
4. Since 1985, I have been living in the U.S. ✘ I have lived in America since 1985.
5. He has never been to England. ✔︎
6. He has already finished the report. ✔︎
7. I finished the report last night. ✔︎
8. Last night, I saw your father. ✔︎
9. I have seen your father a few times. ✘ I have seen your father so many times already.
10. I have been living in TaiZhong the whole life. ✘ I have lived in Tai-Chuang all my life.

### 练习十三
1. have become ✘ had become
2. am ✘ have been
3. has been living ✘ has lived
4. eat ✘ have eaten
5. rained ✔︎
6. has already written ✔︎
7. saw ✔︎
8. talked ✔︎
9. was, have been ✘ have been, was
10. have read ✔︎

### 练习十四
1. We have been working hard since we were little kids. ✔︎
2. He have been studing English since last year. ✔︎
3. It has been raining since yesterday. ✔︎
4. He has been doing his homework since five o'clock. ✔︎
5. I have been living in Taichuang since I was three years old. ✔︎

### 练习十五

## 心得

### "everyday" VS "every day"
[here][1]

everyday: adj. It is an everyday item.

every day: adv. of frequency. I go to school by bicycle every day.

### "like to do" vs "like doing"
[here][2]

Short answer: use like doing (sport/activity)

Long answer:
* I like boxing (I like boxing as activity)
* I like to box (When I personally do it)

for example:
I like boxing but I don't like to box, I always lose.

### 骑车上学
go to school by bicycle.

### To play violin vs playing the violin
"the" is used with musical instruments

### don't vs do not
Exactly the same thing. just "don't" is informal.

### 17 vs seventeen
Use "seventeen" in writing

[1]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qL5BUdVNn_M "Everyday or every day?"
[2]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B6L6d9B4Gw "Like to do or doing"








































































